Open any customer's profile and click Edit Customer.
p02
The same record opens ready to change, every field now live.
p03
Two buttons wait in the corner.
p04
One saves your work, one backs out.
p05
Today, we only back out.
p06
Before anything else, read the band across the top.
p07
The name, the plan, and a few status chips ride along from the profile.
p08
It is your proof of whose record you are in, so you never edit the wrong person by accident.
p09
Now the tabs.
p10
Six here, not the nine on the profile.
p11
The view is built for reading a customer;
p12
this form is built for changing one, so the layout shifts.
p13
Messaging turns into Communication, Notes into Comments,
p14
and the read-only summaries fall away.
p15
Start on Contact, the first group.
p16
Name, company, gender, date of birth,
p17
plus two switches for house account and signature on file.
p18
This is the identity block, the details that decide how the customer shows up everywhere else.
p19
Next, the address fields.
p20
Street, city, state, zip, and country, with a second line for an apartment or suite.
p21
Keep these clean and the customer's mail, receipts, and location reports all line up.
p22
Below that, phone and email.
p23
Phone, mobile, fax, and email address.
p24
When a member says their texts or receipts are going nowhere,
p25
this is the block you check first.
p26
We changed nothing, so click Cancel.
p27
The form closes and drops you right back on the profile, untouched.
p28
That Save button would have written straight to a live account,
p29
so while you are learning, Cancel is the only way out.
p30
Head back to the customer list.
p31
Same database you started in.
p32
Up top sit the counts, and along the toolbar, the button that starts a brand new record.
p33
Click Add Customer.
p34
The form looks familiar because it is the same one, just empty.
p35
Same tabs, same fields, every box blank and waiting.
p36
This is where a walk-in becomes a member.
p37
Scan down the empty form.
p38
Personal details, address, phone and email, all in the same order as the edit screen.
p39
Learn the layout once and you know both, whether you are fixing a record or building one.
p40
We are only touring, so click Cancel again.
p41
No record is created, and nothing is left behind.
p42
Two forms, one template, and the same safe habit both times:
p43
read everything, change nothing, leave by Cancel.